lowered Garcia Pelayo returns to the mundane
tv in this case another facet was more
known as the judicial expert that
is the one of director of cinema hello gonzalo
his latest film alegrías de cádiz
appears after a long silence of
decades
after 31 years later you are
saying the provision of the movie
that the cinema is abandoned by
city ​​to a form before itself yes that I have
commented always that I do not abandon
versions but as it happens with the
women who sent the woman and the gold
then as I did well going without
appeared in more that will come even
I want to introduce myself to things about the new
director because I say communicating well
after 30 years match of being another
Once we like it, give me to do a blur
and a new account have not been given today
precisely some people then
yes after 31 years after the
recovery of the value of my films
that last year the sevilla festival
us the complete cycle all in seminars
of diversity in Seville with 7 hours
movies that were incredible because more
the seven conferences that the
properly the movies almost then
I felt very encouraged and over
all the invitation he made to the cycle
complete his seville the festival of
vienna that is the festival considered
as the maximum exponent
there are no more guards than hundreds of them
catch it retrospectively then
then we have rediscovered the tomb of
our big bed to see if we take out is
able to carry something made by the
so that it was not just everything
archeology not then it is run
a lot for during this year will end
a movie to get there too
alive and kicking I wait for the festival of
comes with five films of thirty and
so many years and renew one that has
months that is quality joy is not
a small synopsis and the joy of
Cadiz almost like living in Seville but
there is a time when there is a sign
of the movie that living in Cali could
be the title also of the movie
living in Cádiz is still to answer
things of the level would be almost the
same emblematic movie that is
placed in the 900
in the history of world cinema and that in
this moment what helps me to try
back to the cinema then it's not a remake
but if the same is inspired where
the characters have a kind of
unfolding of the characters lives in
sevilla also present in this list
in a very important idea in that year
78 when I made the movie and then
obviously sevilla is replaced
by cádiz and the folkloric atmosphere of
sevilla health with the sale is whole
they were here replaced by the
chirigotas of first line of romancero
first line chelu name
the cracks in gómez number one decade
and for me every day I have a lot of interest
throughout this period of thirty-somethings
years in the movie me everything what I
I think of the woman what I think of
my children are all made me the
film what I think of cadiz for
My caddy has been a kind of retirement
spiritual that he did all year in the
channel the smartest the most original
the most innovative thing that has moved me the most
my head and all these last 25 years
it has been the things of the carnival of cádiz
and what has not appeared the logical thing is
mention those who fill my life
this time that and the week that passes in
the first week half the one I was
seeing not the first thing for me I was two
Sometimes that also seemed to me that it was so
strong as of the carnival of cádiz but
they are white Anglo-Saxon
more work to print on the
movies about something that is had a
little of my culture are lacking lobitos
legalism then the movie I do not want
I want to have I remember a lot
when they dress them in every 10
representing that song of
let 's talk about love says let's talk about
ham once more than the last time
we ate it exactly gonzalo has been
I was not a movie but
he wanted that first of all it seemed to me that
I had understood it wrong but you more
confirmed that this is the character
feminine what would be the protagonist
is interpreted by four actresses
different this seems to me inside of me
little cinematographic culture really
new thing I remember it a movie with
four acts or there may be that there
an actor that is when the protagonist
of children and then it 's older finally those
things in the movie points the first
very important is dark object to be
from a high level your level one
movie that I have them between ten
best in history because he told me
also make list as they have done
with mine sales forces will lose
everything nothing else and you something bent your
same thanks him and fundamentally
because when we did the castle I knew
that they were going to come wonderful women of
cadiz and then where to give more
all fit all of
it seemed the wonderful ones had to the
movie and where are four because
there were seven and if there was no business
but half with seven and that we follow
without end that would have been a month
a bit of exaggeration but that same
that the number of the Seville not me
doubted whether three or four-four
the end it seems to me that no girl to
three other supporting roles in mind
that the woman is the movie and she feels
female protagonists and a chorus of
girls that are other 8 are 15 if that
we add rose that you do not know that
she is also a movie star
earlier that these also appear
fables go the make-up artist almost
tell me that he talks about the movies in my
movies also appear as
character that like remembers where
live in sevilla because they would be in that case
7 and 8 15 2 17 17 number blacks
central left you right and that all the
society I will systematically with
great hopes in the movie it
they premiere festivals in the circuit I do not know
if you call it traditional commercial light
If there is something planned, I am sure that
they will remove on our feet that we
they're going to throw the phone down asking
a movie inside the movies
when that happens immediately they will go to
the commercial halls that is the spirit
and many thanks to a phallus